- You know what it is
the two of you must do now.
- We will go, then,
and destroy the Grim Comet.
RIN: Promise me...
that you'll come back alive.
This was...
all for the best, right?
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The Collapse
of the Windmill of Time."
[peaceful music playing]
- Hmm?
- Good evening, Your Ladyship!
How are you?
What a pleasure it is
to see you again.
Uh...
- [grunts]
- Uh, yes, well, anyway,
allow me to present Lord
Sesshomaru's twin daughters,
Towa and Setsuna.
Oh, and... [clears throat]
[muffled]
Inuyasha's daughter, Moroha.
- Huh?
- A pleasure, Your Ladyship.
Or I suppose I should
call you Grandma, right?
[nervous laugh]
- We don't have time
for this, Towa!
- Okay. Sorry.
I was just, you know...
- You've come to try and travel
through the Windmill of Time,
haven't you?
- [gasps]
Yes! That's right!
- Hmm.
I see that Akuru has already
chosen you, apparently.
Go to the Windmill of Time,
and the Doors of Time
will open for you.
[all gasp]
- Well, all right, then.
- Let's go!
- BOTH: Right!
- That said, however...
- ALL: Eh?
- there have been
many before you
who have come seeking
to travel through time,
but one after another,
the unchosen
have met the same fate.
They're sucked into space-time,
and they perish there.
- Yeah, but we've been chosen,
so we're good, aren't we?
That's how it works, isn't it?
[amulet clinks]
- Though they may have perished,
their resentment still
lingers on in the Underworld.
It's what prevents the Windmill
of Time from turning.
- But if the Windmill
won't turn...
- You see, before you
can travel through time,
you must first defeat
those who tried to and failed.
Meidomaru, we have visitors.
[all gasp]
- It's been quite a while,
Your Ladyship.
- We have some newcomers here
who wish to use
the Windmill of Time.
[tense music playing]
- Really?
This lot has been
chosen by the ages?
[all grumble]
- [chuckles] How amusing.
Also rather sad.
- [gasps]
- Eh?
- There are worse ways
to pass the time
than watching
this fellow at work.
He always puts on a good show.
- Right when things
were looking good,
this weirdo shows up.
- I suspected as much.
Her artificial body
has reached its limit.
- [gasps]
I am not thanking you for this.
- I thought you'd like to know
that I'm thinking
of traveling through time
to the other world.
Rion, why don't you
come with me?
- I happen to know
if you go to that other world,
Father, you'll bring about
the Degenerate Age
in this world,
and that
cannot be allowed to happen.
- If I don't go, however,
500 years from now,
the Grim Comet
will destroy humankind.
[Rion gasps]
- That's right.
I am the only one
who can save the world
of the future from extinction.
- Why should I believe you?
- Riku...
it was long ago,
but I'm sure you remember
when you tossed my right arm
into the Bone Eater's Well?
- [gasps]
- [yells]
[tense music playing]
RIKU: Just tell me where,
and I'll dispose of it at once.
KIRINMARU: The Bone Eater's Well
is a pathway between this age
and the age
of 500 years in the future.
My discarded right arm
continued to gather demon power
at the bottom of the Well
and grew into human form
in the future world.
The Grim Comet appears because
it is drawn to demon power.
The comets from 500 years ago
and 14 years ago
were mere fragments.
500 years from now
will come the true Grim Comet,
its size beyond imagining.
That right arm of mine
is calling to me,
pleading with me
to save that world,
to save the humans.
- It--It can't be!
- But it is,
and it's all your fault, Riku.
- [gasps]
- So now you must choose.
Will you stay in this world
and do nothing
or come with me and help
save the world of the future?
- How could I...
ever make a choice like that?
- I want you
to come with me, Rion.
I will soon be procuring
a new physical form for you.
- A new physical form?
- The body
of someone dear to you,
your friend Towa.
[both gasp]
- You see, I set a trap
on the Zanseiken
to be activated in the event
that anyone was ever
foolish enough to steal it.
As Towa continues
to use the Zanseiken,
her Kon will be whittled away
until her body
becomes an empty husk.
But it won't be empty for long,
because what used to be her body
will now become yours, Rion.
- [chuckles]
I've long held a grudge
against the chosen.
The time has come
to settle the score!
Hah!
- You mind explaining
what you've got against us?
[gasps]
- [yells]
- [flute plays]
- Zanseiken!
- Zanseiken?
- Towa,
you shouldn't be using it.
It's too dangerous!
- I'll be fine.
- But if you lose
your Kon again...
- She won't need it
in the Underworld!
- Ever since you died,
I've searched
for a new body for you,
one that would be worthy
of you, my daughter.
And none's more worthy
than the body of the person
you entrusted the Zanseiken to.
- No, I...
I wouldn't have given it
to her if I had known.
- That's too cruel,
even for you.
Sacrifice Lady Towa?
[earring chimes]
Not while I'm here!
I won't allow it!
- You can't be serious.
- Even outmatched,
I will fight you!
For Lady Towa, I'd gladly
forfeit this artificial life.
I never cared for it
in the first place!
[yells]
- [scoffs]
- It's gone.
It's gone, Father,
the last shred of attachment
I felt for you!
- Now, you don't
really mean that, Rion.
- I will kill you myself.
Azusa no Yumihari!
- You don't know
how deep my love is for you!
I cannot bear to lose you, Rion!
- It's a terrible thing to lose
someone you love, I know.
But you have it wrong.
You've already lost me, Father.
[Riku grunts]
- [yells]
- Good.
Those are excellent blows.
Why, then, didn't you fight
like this with the Zanseiken,
instead of allowing yourself
to be killed?
- [gasps]
- Yaah!
[laughs]
[both yell]
- [grunts]
- [yelps]
- We never said
that we wanted to be chosen!
- And that's
the most annoying part about it!
Yaah!
- Well, then, if you
won't listen to reason...
[groans]
- [laughs]
- [groans]
- You all right, Setsuna?!
- Yaah!
- [grunts] What is this power?
- It's the power of envy.
- Have a taste!
- [energy roars]
- [yelps]
- I will drag you both
to the Underworld!
And there,
you'll become a part of me,
so we'll get
to know each other well.
[laughs]
- This fellow
never fails to amuse me.
- The resentment
that drives him,
maybe I can sever it
with the Yukari no Tachikiri.
- [chuckles]
Eh?
- [bowstring creaks]
- Enough of this!
I think now is the time
to try out my mom's bow!
- Moroha, be careful!
Think before you attack!
- Where is his thread of fate?
- I've got to come up with
some kind of countermeasure.
- [laughs]
Well, now I've seen everything.
A quarter demon
with spirit power.
- [chuckles]
You have a good trip
back to the Afterlife.
- Oh.
Why, thank you.
But you go first!
- [gasps]
- Moroha!
- You really think you
can defeat me with that bow?!
- Oh, but you see,
this isn't just any bow.
My mom made it!
Sacred Arrow!
- [gasps] What?
[groans]
Such power.
How can this be?
- Threads of fate.
- [gasps] Amazing.
When did Moroha's arrows
get that kind of power?
- [roars]
- Shit! I'm all out of arrows!
- Do you know what it's like...
to have to linger
in the Underworld
until this grudge is settled?
Of course you don't!
Let me give you a taste
of what it feels like.
- [gasps]
- Yaah!
- [yells]
- Towa!
- Towa! Moroha!
I saw his threads
of fate just now,
but there are so many of them.
- [chuckles]
Of course there are.
I carry in me the grudges and
grievances of countless demons.
[chuckles]
[tense music playing]
- [scoffs]
- [gasps]
- Hah!
- [winces]
Now that I've drawn this sword,
I will not hold back.
- That's just the way I want it!
- [yells]
- Prepare yourself, Father!
Damn it!
- [yells]
- Huh?
- It ends here, Father.
[shudders]
KIRINMARU: Do it.
- [gasps]
- Go on, then!
Kill your father if you can!
- [gasps]
- Miss Rion.
[Rion grunting]
- Lord Kirinmaru, let her go!
[gasps]
- [gasps]
- [chuckles]
- Riku!
[gasps] Riku!
Tell me you're all right!
Please! Riku!
[crying]
- Come, Rion.
- No! Leave me alone!
[crying]
- You should rest.
- [gasps]
[murmurs]
[wind blowing]
MOROHA: I can't use
my Sacred Arrow.
- We've gotta hit him hard...
to see his threads of fate.
In which case...
I'm gonna try this!
[tense music playing]
I'm going to absorb
his demon energy!
That's the moment to strike!
- You can't, Towa!
She's going
to push herself too far again.
MEIDOMARU: You're going
to absorb my demon energy?
Well, go ahead.
You're welcome to try!
- [gasps]
Kyuyokon!
[energy crackles]
- As I thought.
It's the sword
of Amatsumikaboshi.
But why does she have it?
[Meidomaru gasping]
- Now, Setsuna! Finish it!
- [grunts]
[gasps]
[blade pulses]
Yukari no Tachikiri!
- [gasps]
[shuddering]
- [panting]
- Well,
are you satisfied, Meidomaru?
- All this time,
I resented not being chosen
by the ages,
but I wasn't worthy
of being chosen.
I can see that now.
- Very good.
- Farewell.
- Towa, are you all right?
- I'm fine.
Just a little tired, that's all.
- You sure about that?
- Yeah, I'm fine. Don't worry.
- I wonder.
- Eh?
- Absorbing his demon energy
appears to have whittled away
at your Kon.
It seems
the Zanseiken is cursed.
- Cursed?
- Her Kon? What the heck's that?
- If Your Ladyship
will allow me,
I'll be glad to explain.
All humans and demons,
beasts, and half-demons
have a Haku and a Kon.
The source of power
to move one's body is the Haku,
and the power
to move one's heart is the Kon.
Together, they are referred to
as one's spirit or soul.
- I see.
- But what about this curse?
- Child, you would be wise
to discard that sword.
- Huh?
- If you don't,
the sword's owner will
eventually take over your body.
- Its owner?
- But that's Rion!
- [gasps]
- No way!
- Even if you
have lost all your Kon,
as long as your body
still retains its Haku,
it can be used
as a vessel by another soul.
- [gasps]
[pinwheel clicking]
- Do you suppose it's possible?
Could Rion
have been deceiving us all?
- No, I can't believe she would
ever do something like that.
After all, the whole reason
she gave me this
was to help us
defeat her father.
Which means, if there's a curse,
she doesn't know about it.
- Towa...
you can't rule out
the possibility
that she does know about it.
- I get it. You trust her.
But what if you're wrong?
TOWA: Even if it is cursed...
I'm still going to try
and master the Zanseiken!
- Well, do whatever you want.
[pinwheel clicking]
- [gasps]
You want me to have this?
[blows]
- [pinwheel clicks]
- [Windmill grinding]
- [gasps]
- It's moving!
- Is the...
Degenerate Age beginning?
- Since there's nothing left
for you to do here, go on.
BOTH: Yes, ma'am.
- [gasps]
[gasps]
- Right!
Ready, Setsuna, Moroha?
Let's go
to the Windmill of Time!
[wind rushing]
[Kirinmaru grumbles]
I must beat
the half-demon twins,
or Rion's new body
and all of my dreams
will turn into nothing!
And I refuse
to give them up now!
- Now you take care
of yourselves, okay?
MOROHA: We will.
[Jaken gasps]
The Doors of Time have opened!
[both grunt]
- The Degenerate Age has begun,
but perhaps they still have
a chance to change things.
At least make it amusing,
won't you,
Half-Demon Princesses?
What our ultimate fate will be,
who can say?
- [growls]
[grunts]
- Here we go...
to the Reiwa era!
- You are not going anywhere!
[yells]
[both scream]
[Kirinmaru growls]
It is my destiny alone...
to transcend time!
Osamu Kirin,
my living right arm...
take my hand and lead me
to the Reiwa era!
[demons growling]
[music playing]
TOWA: We will find Mr. Kirin,
destroy the Grim Comet,
and save that world I lived in
with Papa Sota,
Mama Moe, and Mei.
And after that,
I will keep the promise
I made to my mother
and come back to her alive.
[Japanese music playing]
MOROHA: Hey, present day,
I'm back!
I wonder
how Grandpa's been doing.
SETSUNA:
There's no time for that now!
Any sign of the Grim Comet?
TOWA: Don't forget.
We have to find Mr. Kirin too.
SETSUNA: Wait, why are there
so many demons in this world?
TOWA: Next time on Yashahime:
"The Blackout."
MEI: Welcome home, Towa!
Hey, are you going
to see Mom's concert?